We're gonna do a little bit of like
the other kind of I think really kind of
powerful things.
We're gonna make a one thing that kind of
pulls a bunch of these things together and
you can kind of see it in place.
With that we're going to take a look
first at the animations, which again,
super powerful, not that important,
but super powerful.
You can define your own animations, but
I really like the ones that Tailwind
comes with because they have a bunch
of fairly practical use cases.
So one of the ones, and
again, these are, if we
pull them into one of the playgrounds,
these are just regular CSS animations.
This one is pulse, and
it's like free skeleton loaders, right,
and so these are a bunch of different
just shaped, just rounded divs.
But remember when we had that
empty pseudo selector before?
Yes, that was cool.
Now we have the ability
to show loading and
we don't need to have a bunch
of conditionals in our content.
So we could theoretically on empty, have
certain things that we choose to show and
layout, have this pulse and
as soon as that DOM node is filled
with our actual content, they're gone.
Right there's a bunch of powerful
stuff you can do there as well or
you can just make them
literally like hidden or block.
Based on whether or not as empty and
they will vanish when it's time so on and
so forth.
Okay, could I have gotten an SVG that
actually shows you a spinning loader?
I could have as soon as I started using
emoji, I thought really hard about going
to get the SVG and
I couldn't stop myself, so here it is.
But this is actually more practical for
the spinning loader,
but it made me happy every time
I looked at it, so here it is.
All right, the other one you get for
free and here is pulse,
you can use it as like one of those
little kind of notifications of,
new feature over here or something
along those lines, and then bounce.
And you can change any of
the speeds on these as well.
You also get transitions and transforms
and all of these are free in Tailwind and
you can change the timing,
everything you can do in CSS,
you can also do in Tailwind,
it is all there for you.
Some of those, we use them less,
so when I had to decide on time,
those are not the ones that I chose to
include, but they're there as well.
The other ones that I really personally
use a lot is this one I literally stole
from my codebase.
Which is we have a lot of IDs,
and people want to copy them,
you can do this select all you
click one you get the entire thing.
Right and you can just,
I have lots of places where for
any given ID anything you
want to copy super easily.
One click you can do that on a code block
you can do it on like any kind of JSON
thing that one click, I cannot understate
the amount of happiness that I have caused
my co workers, just by adding a CSS class,
well, they think I'm some kind of wizard.
And I'm not gonna tell them, right,
but that's pretty great, and
then you also do select none which
nobody's ever asked me to do.
Those are the sites that you hate, when
you go to pull a block quote to send it to
your friend and it's like they've disabled
copy and paste or something like that,
don't be this person.
Be this person,
don't be this person, okay?
So yes, the other one that I use a lot
cuz I'm trying to be a good person,
is there are some times where
I'll just do this one together,
I won't make you suffer through this one.
There are some times where I do
not want to show the labels, but
you should have the labels,
because people need the labels,
cuz they have screen readers, right.
And because it makes everything
accessible and you should have them, but
sometimes you don't want them in
your design, so what do you do?
There's a really great,
class in here we can do, class,
SR only and then you can see there's
the opposite of that as well.
And we saw before there is the ones for
prefers reduced animation and
stuff along those lines.
And so did not actually have to do
a whole bunch of extra classes and
everything, just be able to go like
screener only they're there if
you're on a screen reader, right.
They're not there if you can see the
placeholders and stuff along those lines,
as it's doing some trickery but it is
effectively an accessible way to both have
the labels there for
the people who need it.
And then also if for some reason,
the designs don't have them,
you have a way around that as well.
Like I said,
the reduced motion the high contrast,
getting those all just as an inline
thing make doing the right thing a lot
easier which makes us more likely
that we're gonna do the right thing.